Proofreading-OV-Runtime (#11658)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: tools/pot/docs/Introduction.md

## Introduction

> Post-training model optimization is the process of applying special methods without model retraining or fine-tuning (for example, post-training 8-bit quantization). Therefore, this process does not require a training dataset or a training pipeline in the source DL framework. Post-training methods in OpenVINO require:

Reviewer: I would say that adding "generally" does not add any value. Does it mean there are cases in which it does require training datasets? If we want to move the example out, we could do it like this:

Post-training model optimization is the process of applying special methods without model retraining or fine-tuning. Therefore, it does not require a training dataset or a training pipeline in the source DL framework. In OpenVINO, post-training methods, such as post-training 8-bit quantization, require:

> Post-training model optimization is the process of applying special methods without model retraining or fine-tuning (for example, post-training 8-bit quantization). Therefore, this process does not require a training dataset or a training pipeline in the source DL framework. To apply post-training methods in OpenVINO, You need:

Author: ```suggestion
Post-training model optimization is the process of applying special methods without model retraining or fine-tuning (for example, post-training 8-bit quantization). Therefore, this process does not require a training dataset or a training pipeline in the source DL framework. Post-training methods in OpenVINO require:
```

* A floating-point precision model (FP32 or FP16), converted into the OpenVINO Intermediate Representation (IR) format

> and run on CPU with the OpenVINO.

Author: ```suggestion
and run on CPU with OpenVINO.
```

* A representative calibration dataset representing a use case scenario, for example, 300 samples.
* In case of accuracy constraints, a validation dataset and accuracy metrics should be available.

In topic of post-training optimization, OpenVINO provides a Post-training Optimization Tool (POT) which supports the uniform integer quantization method. This method allows substantially increasing inference performance and reducing the model size.

Figure below shows the optimization workflow with POT:
![](./images/workflow_simple.png)

## Quantizing models with POT

Depending on your needs and requirements, POT provides two main quantization methods that can be used:

> *  [Default Quantization](@ref pot_default_quantization_usage) -- recommended method that provides fast and accurate results in most cases. It requires only a unannotated dataset for quantization. For more details, see the [Default Quantization algorithm](@ref pot_compression_algorithms_quantization_default_README) documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
*  [Default Quantization](@ref pot_default_quantization_usage) -- a recommended method that provides fast and accurate results in most cases. It requires only an unannotated dataset for quantization. For more details, see the [Default Quantization algorithm](@ref pot_compression_algorithms_quantization_default_README) documentation.
```

> *  [Accuracy-aware Quantization](@ref pot_accuracyaware_usage) -- advanced method that allows keeping accuracy at a predefined range at the cost of performance improvement, in case when `Default Quantization` cannot guarantee it. This method requires annotated representative dataset and may require more time for quantization. For more details, see the

Author: ```suggestion
*  [Accuracy-aware Quantization](@ref pot_accuracyaware_usage) -- an advanced method that allows keeping accuracy at a predefined range, at the cost of performance improvement, when `Default Quantization` cannot guarantee it. This method requires an annotated representative dataset and may require more time for quantization. For more details, see the
```
